[configuration] Fail on unsupported identifiers (#4002)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/configuration/file-configuration.md

environment variable is not defined and does not have a `DEFAULT_VALUE`, it MUST
be replaced with an empty value.

When parsing a configuration file that contains a reference not matching

> the references regular expression but does match the following PCRE2

Reviewer: There was a discussion in the config working group this week to use ABNF (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Augmented_Backus%E2%80%93Naur_form) notation in the spec instead of PCRE2 to leave it up to implementations as to what library they use for validating configuration. @MrAlias should this be updated as well? Happy to leave it as a follow up item

Reviewer 2: PCRE2 is already mentioned in the spec so I think its fine for the purposes of this PR. I think we open a separate issue and address both the existing and new reference (as of this PR) to PCRE2 at the same time.

Reviewer: 💯

Reviewer 2: Opened #4027 to track

environment variable is not defined and does not have a `DEFAULT_VALUE`, it MUST
be replaced with an empty value.

> Configuration files MUST fail to parse if they contain a reference that does not

Reviewer 3: What is the consequence of failing to parse? Does this mean the SDK fails to start up?

Author: Put it another way, whatever function deals with this parsing must return an error if they contain an invalid reference. Later in this file we talk about 'Parse' returning an error https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/f028b2e3038a604d7b449615e029a19259aacdf9/specification/configuration/file-configuration.md?plain=1#L296-L300
The same should happen here. Do you think we should reword it?

Author: Okay, I am not sure how to do it though. We have not defined 'Parse' in that point of the document. Any concrete suggestions, @MrAlias ?

> match the references regular expression but does match the following PCRE2

Reviewer 2: #nit: If we're going define the version of regular expression used here, we should do it above as well.

> Configuration files MUST fail to parse if they contain a reference that does not
> match the references regular expression but does match the following PCRE2
> regular expression:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When parsing a configuration file that contains a reference not matching
the references regular expression but does match the following PCRE2
regular expression, the parser MUST return an empty result (no partial
results are allowed) and an error to the user.
```
